feat(docs): Add `Guidance` and `Documents` guides to Ask Fern docs. (#524)
fern-api/docs: fern/products/ask-fern/pages/features/documents.mdx

---
title: Documents
subtitle: Add custom data sources to Ask Fern. 
---

> 

Reviewer: I'd add a link somewhere on this page to the API reference

> You can index custom documents to Ask Fern beyond your documentation. This is useful for adding additional content that may improve Ask Fern's ability
> to support developers, such as help desk tickets, internal company FAQs, etc. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can index custom documents beyond your core documentation to improve Ask Fern's capabilities. Adding content such as help desk tickets, internal company FAQs, and other resources can help provide better answers to developers. 
```

Fern offers an internal CMS (content management system) via the `documents` API that allows you to add, update,
and delete documents as needed. 

## Usage

Here's an example of a document that can be uploaded via the `documents` API:

```json
{

>     "document": "Ferns are plants native to the tropical and subtropical regions of the world. They are characterized by their fronds, which are large, leaf-like structures that are often found in the understory of forests.",

Reviewer: I think it might be helpful to have an example that is more explicitly a helpdesk ticket, company FAQ, etc. (maybe one about ferns?)
